 Premiums quoted above should be valid for a period of year and inclusive of s tipulated IRDA I brokerage on insurance policies . However the Power of Attorney provided by Applicants from countries that have signed the Hague Legislation Convention are not required to be legalized by the Indian Embassy if it carries a conforming Appostille certificate . IN WITNESS WHEREOF WE THE ABOVE NAMED PRINCIPAL HAVE EXECUTED THIS POWER OF ATTORNEY ON Y OF For Authorized Signature Authorized Signatory Name Title of Signatory Address Witnesses . AND we hereby agree to ratify and confirm and do hereby ratify and confirm all acts deeds and things done or caused to be done by our said Attorney pursuant to and in exercise of the powers conferred by this Power of Attorney and that all acts d eeds and things done by our said Attorney in exercise of the powers hereby conferred shall and shall always be deemed to have been done by us .  We hereby undertake and confirm that we have understood the scope of work properly and shall comply with the terms of engagement .  We certify that neither our firm nor any of the partners directors is involved in any scam or disciplinary proceedings set tled or pending adjudication . Dear Sir I on behalf of T here is no case with the Police Court IRDA SEBI Regulatory authorities against the proprietor firm partner company Directors employee . Page # Point Section # Query Banks Response Date Authorised Signatory Stamp Annexure V II Self Declaration India Post Payments Bank Ltd . Page # Point Section # Clarification point as stated in t he tender document Comment Suggestion Deviation Annexure VI Query Format Queries Sr . Date Authorized Signatory Annexure V Comments on Terms and Conditions Services and Facilities C o m m e n t s o n t h e Date Authorised Signatory Stamp Sr . We also understand that the bank has the exclusive right to reject this bid in case the bank is of the opinion that the required information is not provided or is provided in a different format . We undertake that in competing for and i f the work is allocated to us in executing the subject Contract we will strictly observe the laws against fraud and corruption in force in and other relevant statutes in this regard . We agree to abide by this Scope Offer for days from last date of submission of bid and our Offer shall remain binding on us and ma y be accepted by the bank any time before expiry of the offer . Having examined the insurance requiremen t and Scope Documents including all Annexures the receipt of which is hereby duly acknowledged we the undersigned offer to provide our services for the policies Request for Proposal other schedules of requirements and services for your bank in conformity with the said Scope Documents . Authorised Signatory Designation Annexure I V Bidder Response Cover Letter Date Manager India Post Payments Bank Corporate Office nd Floor Speed Post Centre Building Bhai Veer Singh Marg Gole Market New Delhi .  v W e have verified the details indicated above and also confirm that all the Information submitted is true to the best of my knowledge . D e c l a r a t i o n I h e r e b y d e c l a r e t h a t I h a S No . Self Declaration The Applicant should not have been blacklisted barred disqualified by any regulator stat utory body in the past years Self Declaration Annexure II I Bidder Details To Manager India Post Payments Bank Ltd .  If an insurer is quoting for Bankers Indemnity policy they must have been underwriting Bankers indemni ty policy for at least last three years .  The General Insurance Company should have been underwriting the policy for period of three years for which they are submitting their quotation . Criteri a Documents to be submitted Eligibility W ell established and reputed General Insurance Firms Companies which are Registered Issued License by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority . The bank is not bound by any other extraneous matters or deviations even if mentioned by us elsewhere either in our proposal or any subsequent deviations sought by us whether orally or in writing deviations will be final and binding on us . Sir Sub Response to the India Post Payments Bank for selection of Insurance provider for India Post Payments Bank Limited . Annexure Annexure I Conformity Letter Manager India Post Payments Bank Corporate Office nd Floor Speed Post Centre Building Bhai Veer Sing h Marg Gole Market New Delhi . Sum Insured All Risk Insurance Laptops Mobiles Cell Phone POS Transaction Processing Equipment I Pad Tablet PC and all other moveable electronic equipme Asset Register INR Total INR Other Terms Conditions Applicable to all policies Insurance company would also be required to enter into a Service level agreement with IPPB which woul d capture the following conditions Pre agreed panel of surveyors Time lines for surveys survey report submission to be mentioned Specific policy wordings which will be shared during the pre bid meeting . 