 . Bank is able to participate in nation building by of the country s econom y strongly put forth in its vision with the motto Nationalised in Corporation Bank was the forerunner when it came to evolving and adapting to the financial sector reforms . In it b ecame the Second Public Sector Bank in the country to enter capital market the IPO of which was over subscribed by times . the Bank has many firsts to its credit Cash Management Services Gold Banking m Commerce Online approvals for Educational loans CBS Compliance and more recently its pioneering efforts to take the technology to the rural masses in remotest villages through low cost branchless banking Business Correspondent model . All of which symbolize Bank s commitment to its custom ers to provide convenience banking . The tremendous amount of confidence and loyalty reposed by the public in general and customers in particular manifes ted itself in the overwhelming response to the IPO of the Bank in the year .  y Corporation Bank Premier Public Sector Bank Presently the Bank has a network of fully automated CBS branches ATMs and Branchless Banking Units across the country . The Bank has extended Branchless Banking units to villages and has issued Smart Cards to all account holders in these villages for enabling them to operate their accounts at their doorsteps through the Business Correspondents app ointed by the Bank . T o pr ovide full range of insurance products to its customers realize full value of its reach and customer base and to facilitate the customers to cover their assets against various kinds of risks . With the aforesaid objective s Bank invites proposals from eligible General Insurance companies facilitate sale of Gene ral Insurance products in India through our extensive branch network . Bidders are hereby advised to carefully go through and submit all relevant information as sought in the RFP .  y Corporation Bank Premier Public Sector Bank Details of the objectives eligibility and qualification criteria data documents required to be submitted along with RFP criteria that wou ld be adopted for evaluation of the responses short listing as well as other relevant information is contained in this document . The RFP document can be www corpbank com D Eligibility Criteria It is mandatory for the potential bidders to ensure that the following minimum eligibility criteria is met in order to participate in the process . Should have a valid IRDAI license as on date of submiss ion of RFP response for procuring insurance business in India . E Clarification and Amendment to the RFP The Bidder may request clarifications on any clause of the RFP document up to . Any request for clarification must be sent by standard electronic means to bancassurance corpbank co in . The Bank will respond in writing or by standard electronic means and if necessary will load the responses on its website as per time lines mentioned in P age No . Should the Bank deem necessary it may amend the RFP as a result of any clarification . At any time before the submission of Proposals the Bank may amend the RFP by issuing an the bidders 