 . Bank may in its absolute discretion but without being any obligations to do so update amend or supplement the information in this RFP . Bank makes no repr esentation or warranty and shall incur no liability under any Law statute rules and regulations as to the accuracy reliability or completeness of this RFP document . Each Insurance Company should conduct its own investigations and analysis and should check the accuracy reliability and completeness of the information in this RFP and where ver necessary obtain independent advice . This document does not claim to contain all the information each Insurance Company may require . The purpose of this RFP is to provide the Insurance Company with data points to assist them in formulation of their proposal . We confirm that we have not been barred blacklisted disqualified by any Regulators Statutory Body in India and we understand that if any false information is detected at a later date the assignment shall be cancelled at the discretion of Bank . We agree that the decision of UCO Bank in selection process will be final and bin ding on us . We have no objection if enquiries are made about the work listed by us in the accompanying sheets annexures . Proposal for Corporate Agency Arrangement for General Insurance with UCO Bank Name of Bidder All the information furnished by us h erein above is correct to the best of our knowledge and belief . IRDAI Reg d ated th October Insurance Regu latory and Development Authority of India Regulations Dated th October and any amendment thereof and classify the Pro ducts as per the Categories mentioned in the Tables in these notifications FORM PRESENTATION HIGHLIGHTS Sl . IRDAI Reg dated th December Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority o f India Regulations F No . of SPs to be licensed in next Months Marketing Advertisement for Bank Timely Operational MIS Report No . Support Item Strategy Road Map Manpower allocated to one Sales Officer of Insurance Company b Details of Regional Central suppo rt team Roadmap for Training Licensing of Specified Persons a No . IRDAI Reg dated th December Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority o f India Regulations F No . Particulars Year Year Year Estimated Premium Per Annum Estimated Revenue to the Bank Please provide the projected product m ix commission payable to the B ank in the format given below . Name of Bank or NBFC Date of Commencement of Relationship Name of the Product FORM BUSINESS REVENUE ESTIMATE S Please give the Business Revenue Estimate for next Years for UCO Bank in accordance to the potential that Bank holds for General Insurance business . Name of Corporate Agent Period of Relationship From To Re ason for Non Renewal Termination having a Master Policy from the Insurer as on . Name of Corporate Agent Nature of Or ganization Date of License Corporate Agency license with the bidder since inception . of grievan ces pending at the end of the year FORM BANCASSURANCE EXPERIENCE L ist acting as Corporate Agent for the organization as on .  Of collected through Bancassurance Channel Gross W ritten Premium Of collected through Bancassurance Channel Product Mix Retail Engineering Fire Motor Marine Liability Travel Personal Accident . INR in Crores PARTICULARS New Business Premium FY FY FY INDIVIDUAL BU SINESS Agency Tied Channel Corporate Agents Banks Corporate Agents Others Brokers Direct Sales Team Others GROUP BUSINESS Agency Tied Channel Corporate Agents Banks Corporate Agents Others Brokers Direct Sales Team Others TOTAL Category wise Business Break Up Amt .  FORM BUSINESS INFORMATION Details of Premium collected by Insurance Company Channel Wise Business B reak Up Amt . IRDAI R eg d ated th October Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India Regulations Dated th October and any amendment thereof and classify the Products as per the Categories mentioned in the Tables in these notifications . IRDAI Reg dated th December Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority o f India Regulations F No .  FORM PRODUCT COMMISSION Please provide details of products offered and commission details in format as given below Product Name Classification according to IRDAI Notification Product Category . IRDAI Reg d ated th October Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India Regulations Dated th October and any amendment thereof and classify the Products as per the Categories mentioned in the Tables in these notif ications . IRDAI Reg dated th December Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority o f India Regulations F No . New Business Premium NBP as of Total Bu siness Premium Please r efer to IRDAI Notification ref . of Branches FORM PR ODUCT PORTFOLIO Please provide the New Business Product Portfolio for FY Product Name Classification according to IRDAI Notification Product Category . Please provide List of Top M anagement Executives with Names Numbers E Mail Id Name Designation Phone Number E Mail Id . Please provide Organization chart as on date show ing structure of various Department s that exist and reporting structure of respective functional Heads . Please provide list of Board of Directors as on date with a brief background of each person . Gross Written Premium Incurred Claims R atio FY FY FY Combined Ratio FY FY FY FORM M ANAGEMENT AND BRANCH NETWORK .  Date of Commencement of Business Nu mber of Branches as on Financial information FY FY FY a Invested Capital b Equity Capital c 